Create a ZEISS homepage with the knowledge you gained in the training pathway.

Step 1: 
Initialize Your Project: Inside the new folder, create the following files and folders:
index.html
board.html
styles.css
assets/ (for images)
Step 2: Basic HTML Setup:

Open index.html.
Add the basic HTML structure: <!DOCTYPE html>, <html>, <head>, and <body> tags.
In the <head> section, include meta tags for character set and viewport settings, and link to styles.css.
Header, Main, and Footer. The background color of the page should be #F5F8FA. The font should be "'Tahoma',sans-serif;"

The board.html should be the same.

Step 3: Header component.
The header component should be present on both pages.
The header componentshould have The ZEISS logo on the left side, 
with at least 20 px horizontal and 5px vertical space from the edges of the component.
When clicking on the link, the user should be directed to the ZEISS homepage.

On the right side of the header, a link should be present, which should direct to the other page of the website.
The text of the link should be Board for the index page and Home for the board page.
The background of the header should be white.

Step 4: Footer component
The footer component should be present on both pages.
The footer should always be at the bottom of the page.
It should have white text and black background color.
It should have the following links:
	- Contact
	- Publisher
	- Legal Notice
	- Privacy Notice
	- Cookie Notice
The links should be equal distance from each other and the left and right end of the page.
Bonus: Look up and add the same URLs to the links as they could be found in the ZEISS Homepage.

Step 5: Hero Section
The index.html page should contain a hero section right below the header.
this section should show a sitewide image. The image should stretch with the window width.
The correct image can be found in the repo of the excercise project, in the assets folder. 
Bonus: The actually displayed image should change with the width of the window. This can be solved with mediaqueries.

Step 6: Articles
Under the hero section, the index page should have 3 articles. The articles should have a title and some additional text displayed.
Each article should have its own card component.
The cards should be separate from each other. 
The cards should have grey background color.
The card sizes should change when the window size changes, so they try to fit the window. 
(It is recommended to try the grid layout)
Bonus: When the user hovers over the card with the cursor, it should have a shadow. 

Step 7: Table of board members.

The board.html should have a table, containing the list of ZEISS board members. 
They should have their name, role and short description present.
The table should have the title "Board Members" as header and it should be centered.
The background of the table should be white.
The table should have 200px margin horizontally

Step 8: Apply to the board form.
The board.html should have a form with the header "Apply to the ZEISS Board:"
It should ask for a name, an e-mail address, phone number, desired role.
It should also have a textarea to describe the experiences of the candidate.
The form should be centered and should not be wider than 800px.

The Apply button should have blue background and white text color.
bonus: Make the button a darker blue if hovered over.
bonus: Add a file selector where the user can upload their CV to the application.